src/content/docs/guides/attachments.mdx, before:

---
title: Message Attachments
description: Responding to discord commands/messages with Attachments
sidebar:
 order: 4
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Attachments](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#attachment-object) are a way to upload files to the Discord CDN, discord
luau supports sending these attachments through the `AttachmentBuilder` object.

<Steps>

1. Create a discord-luau bot implementation:

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         ...
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```

2. Create a Discord attachment that we can respond with:

   ```lua
      local responseAttachment = DiscordLuau.AttachmentBuilder.new()
         :setName("example.txt")
         :setDescription("Example Text Document")
         :setData("Hello, World - 'Tis be the data of this example document!")
         
   ```

3. Reply to the message with the newly created embed:

   ```lua
      local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
      local responseAttachment = DiscordLuau.AttachmentBuilder.new()
         :setName("example.txt")
         :setDescription("Example Text Document")
         :setData("Hello, World - 'Tis be the data of this example document!")

      message:replyAsync(responseMessage:addFile(responseAttachment))
   ```
</Steps>

<details>
   <summary>See The Entire Code</summary>

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
         local responseAttachment = DiscordLuau.AttachmentBuilder.new()
            :setName("example.txt")
            :setDescription("Example Text Document")
            :setData("Hello, World - 'Tis be the data of this example document!")

         message:replyAsync(responseMessage:addFile(responseAttachment))
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```
</details>

That's all! For more details, refer to the relevant docs;

- [DiscordAttachment](/classes/objects/discordattachment/)
- [EventManager](/classes/objects/eventmanager/)
- [DiscordMessage](/classes/objects/discordmessage/)
- [MessageBuilder](/classes/builders/messagebuilder/)

Commit message:

docs: add caution warning about message content intent in attachments guide

src/content/docs/guides/attachments.mdx, after:

---
title: Message Attachments
description: Responding to discord commands/messages with Attachments
sidebar:
 order: 4
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Attachments](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#attachment-object) are a way to upload files to the Discord CDN, discord
luau supports sending these attachments through the `AttachmentBuilder` object.

<Steps>

1. Create a discord-luau bot implementation:

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         ...
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```

2. Create a Discord attachment that we can respond with:

   ```lua
      local responseAttachment = DiscordLuau.AttachmentBuilder.new()
         :setName("example.txt")
         :setDescription("Example Text Document")
         :setData("Hello, World - 'Tis be the data of this example document!")
         
   ```

3. Reply to the message with the newly created embed:

   ```lua
      local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
      local responseAttachment = DiscordLuau.AttachmentBuilder.new()
         :setName("example.txt")
         :setDescription("Example Text Document")
         :setData("Hello, World - 'Tis be the data of this example document!")

      message:replyAsync(responseMessage:addFile(responseAttachment))
   ```
</Steps>

<details>
   <summary>See The Entire Code</summary>

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
         local responseAttachment = DiscordLuau.AttachmentBuilder.new()
            :setName("example.txt")
            :setDescription("Example Text Document")
            :setData("Hello, World - 'Tis be the data of this example document!")

         message:replyAsync(responseMessage:addFile(responseAttachment))
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```
</details>

:::caution
   Remember to enable the message content intent on the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers) when the `DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage` event is used. 
   
   If the intent is not enabled, the bot won't have access to the messagge content!
:::

That's all! For more details, refer to the relevant docs;

- [DiscordAttachment](/classes/objects/discordattachment/)
- [EventManager](/classes/objects/eventmanager/)
- [DiscordMessage](/classes/objects/discordmessage/)
- [MessageBuilder](/classes/builders/messagebuilder/)
