src/content/docs/guides/embeds.mdx, before:

---
title: Responding with Embeds
description: Responding to discord commands/messages with Embeds.
sidebar:
 order: 3
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Embeds](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#embed-object) are a way to display rich content in Discord messages.
They allow you to include images, formatted text, fields, and other interactive elements 
within a message.

<Steps>

1. Create a discord-luau bot implementation:

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         ...
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```

2. Create a Discord embed that we can respond with:

   ```lua
      local responseEmbed = DiscordLuau.EmbedBuilder.new()
         :setTitle("Example Embed")
         :setDescription("This is an example of an embed created using DiscordLuau!")
         :setColor(0xFF0000)
         :addField("Field 1", "Value 1", true)
         :addField("Field 2", "Value 2", true)
         :setFooter("This is a footer")
   ```

3. Reply to the message with the newly created embed:

   ```lua
      local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
      local responseEmbed = DiscordLuau.EmbedBuilder.new()
         :setTitle("Example Embed")
         :setDescription("This is an example of an embed created using DiscordLuau!")
         :setColor(0xFF0000)
         :addField("Field 1", "Value 1", true)
         :addField("Field 2", "Value 2", true)
         :setFooter("This is a footer")

      message:replyAsync(responseMessage:setEmbed(responseEmbed))
   ```
</Steps>

<details>
   <summary>See The Entire Code</summary>

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
         local responseEmbed = DiscordLuau.EmbedBuilder.new()
            :setTitle("Example Embed")
            :setDescription("This is an example of an embed created using DiscordLuau!")
            :setColor(0xFF0000)
            :addField("Field 1", "Value 1", true)
            :addField("Field 2", "Value 2", true)
            :setFooter("This is a footer")

         message:replyAsync(responseMessage:setEmbed(responseEmbed))
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```
</details>

That's all! For more details, refer to the relevant docs;

- [DiscordEmbed](/classes/objects/discordembed/)
- [EventManager](/classes/objects/eventmanager/)
- [DiscordMessage](/classes/objects/discordmessage/)
- [MessageBuilder](/classes/builders/messagebuilder/)

Commit message:

Add step to allow the bot to check messages

src/content/docs/guides/embeds.mdx, after:

---
title: Responding with Embeds
description: Responding to discord commands/messages with Embeds.
sidebar:
 order: 3
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Embeds](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#embed-object) are a way to display rich content in Discord messages.
They allow you to include images, formatted text, fields, and other interactive elements 
within a message.

<Steps>

1. Create a discord-luau bot implementation:

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         ...
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```

2. Allow the bot to check messages

   - Go to the [Discord Developer Portal](https://discord.com/developers/applications)
   - Choose your bot application
   - Go to the Bot tab and enable `MESSAGE CONTENT INTENT`

3. Create a Discord embed that we can respond with:

   ```lua
      local responseEmbed = DiscordLuau.EmbedBuilder.new()
         :setTitle("Example Embed")
         :setDescription("This is an example of an embed created using DiscordLuau!")
         :setColor(0xFF0000)
         :addField("Field 1", "Value 1", true)
         :addField("Field 2", "Value 2", true)
         :setFooter("This is a footer")
   ```

4. Reply to the message with the newly created embed:

   ```lua
      local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
      local responseEmbed = DiscordLuau.EmbedBuilder.new()
         :setTitle("Example Embed")
         :setDescription("This is an example of an embed created using DiscordLuau!")
         :setColor(0xFF0000)
         :addField("Field 1", "Value 1", true)
         :addField("Field 2", "Value 2", true)
         :setFooter("This is a footer")

      message:replyAsync(responseMessage:setEmbed(responseEmbed))
   ```
</Steps>

<details>
   <summary>See The Entire Code</summary>

   ```lua
   local DiscordLuau = require("DiscordLuau")

   local DiscordSettings = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("<DISCORD_TOKEN>")
   local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(DiscordSettings)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onMessage:connect(function(message)
      if message.Content == "!embed" then
         local responseMessage = DiscordLuau.MessageBuilder.new()
         local responseEmbed = DiscordLuau.EmbedBuilder.new()
            :setTitle("Example Embed")
            :setDescription("This is an example of an embed created using DiscordLuau!")
            :setColor(0xFF0000)
            :addField("Field 1", "Value 1", true)
            :addField("Field 2", "Value 2", true)
            :setFooter("This is a footer")

         message:replyAsync(responseMessage:setEmbed(responseEmbed))
      end
   end)

   DiscordClient.eventManager.onReady:connect(function()
      print(`🎉🎉 {DiscordClient.discordUser.username} is online! 🎉🎉`)
   end)

   DiscordClient:connectAsync()
   ```
</details>

That's all! For more details, refer to the relevant docs;

- [DiscordEmbed](/classes/objects/discordembed/)
- [EventManager](/classes/objects/eventmanager/)
- [DiscordMessage](/classes/objects/discordmessage/)
- [MessageBuilder](/classes/builders/messagebuilder/)
