src/content/docs/classes/DiscordClient.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordClient
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordClient.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

The base class that implements the various properties, methods, and events that developers can use to interact with the Discord API.

```lua
local DiscordLuau = require("../Submodules/DiscordLuau")

local SettingsBuilder = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("BOT TOKEN")
local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(SettingsBuilder)
```

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

### discordUser

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.discordUser :: DiscordUser
```


					
### discordApplication

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.discordApplication :: DiscordApplication
```


					
### discordGateway

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.discordGateway :: DiscordGateway
```


	
### eventManager

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.eventManager :: EventManager
```


	

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### connectAsync

> DiscordClient:connectAsync() ->  Future 

Connects the current DiscordClient to the Discord API.

```lua
local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(SettingsBuilder)

DiscordClient:connectAsync():after(function()
	print("Connected to the Discord API!")
end)
```
### fetchGuildAsync

> DiscordClient:fetchGuildAsync( `guildId` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<DiscordGuild> 

Fetches a guild by its ID.
### fetchChannelAsync

> DiscordClient:fetchChannelAsync( `channelId` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<DiscordChannel> 

Fetches a channel by its ID.
### updatePresenceAsync

> DiscordClient:updatePresenceAsync( `discordPresence` [table](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html) ) ->  Future<boolean> 

Updates the client's presence.
### setVerbose

> DiscordClient:setVerbose( `verbose` [boolean](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.2.html) ) -> [nil](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.1.html)

Sets the verbosity level for logging.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordClient.new( `discordSettings` SettingsBuilder ) ->  DiscordClient 

Constructor function for the Discord Client, used to instantiate a Discord Client object.
	

```lua
local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(SettingsBuilder)

DiscordClient:connectAsync():after(function()
	print("Connected to the Discord API!")
end)
```

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/DiscordClient.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordClient
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordClient.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

The base class that implements the various properties, methods, and events that developers can use to interact with the Discord API.

```lua
local DiscordLuau = require("../Submodules/DiscordLuau")

local SettingsBuilder = DiscordLuau.SettingsBuilder.new("BOT TOKEN")
local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(SettingsBuilder)
```

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

### discordUser

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.discordUser :: DiscordUser
```

---
					
### discordApplication

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.discordApplication :: DiscordApplication
```

---
					
### discordGateway

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.discordGateway :: DiscordGateway
```

---
	
### eventManager

 ```lua
 DiscordClient.eventManager :: EventManager
```

---
	

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### connectAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="connectAsync" className="DiscordClient" args={[  ]} returnType="Future" isMethod />
Connects the current DiscordClient to the Discord API.

```lua
local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(SettingsBuilder)

DiscordClient:connectAsync():after(function()
	print("Connected to the Discord API!")
end)
```
### fetchGuildAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="fetchGuildAsync" className="DiscordClient" args={[ { name: "guildId", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<DiscordGuild>" isMethod />
Fetches a guild by its ID.
### fetchChannelAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="fetchChannelAsync" className="DiscordClient" args={[ { name: "channelId", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<DiscordChannel>" isMethod />
Fetches a channel by its ID.
### updatePresenceAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="updatePresenceAsync" className="DiscordClient" args={[ { name: "discordPresence", type: "table" } ]} returnType="Future<boolean>" isMethod />
Updates the client's presence.
### setVerbose

> <LuaDeclaration name="setVerbose" className="DiscordClient" args={[ { name: "verbose", type: "boolean" } ]} isMethod />
Sets the verbosity level for logging.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordClient" args={[ { name: "discordSettings", type: "SettingsBuilder" } ]} />
Constructor function for the Discord Client, used to instantiate a Discord Client object.
	

```lua
local DiscordClient = DiscordLuau.DiscordClient.new(SettingsBuilder)

DiscordClient:connectAsync():after(function()
	print("Connected to the Discord API!")
end)
```
