src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordVoiceChannel.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordVoiceChannel
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordVoiceChannel.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

DiscordVoiceChannel represents a voice channel in a Discord server, providing methods to connect, disconnect, and modify the channel.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordVoiceChannel instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### connectAsync

> DiscordVoiceChannel:connectAsync() ->  Future<boolean> 

Connects to the voice channel asynchronously.
### disconnectAsync

> DiscordVoiceChannel:disconnectAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Disconnects from the voice channel asynchronously.
### modifyAsync

> DiscordVoiceChannel:modifyAsync( `channelSchema` DiscordVoiceChannelSchema ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Modifies the voice channel settings asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordVoiceChannel.new( `discordClient` any, `channelData` [table](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html) ) ->  DiscordVoiceChannel 

Creates a new instance of DiscordVoiceChannel.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordVoiceChannel.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordVoiceChannel
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordVoiceChannel.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

DiscordVoiceChannel represents a voice channel in a Discord server, providing methods to connect, disconnect, and modify the channel.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordVoiceChannel instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### connectAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="connectAsync" className="DiscordVoiceChannel" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<boolean>" isMethod />
Connects to the voice channel asynchronously.
### disconnectAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="disconnectAsync" className="DiscordVoiceChannel" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Disconnects from the voice channel asynchronously.
### modifyAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="modifyAsync" className="DiscordVoiceChannel" args={[ { name: "channelSchema", type: "DiscordVoiceChannelSchema" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Modifies the voice channel settings asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordVoiceChannel" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any" }, { name: "channelData", type: "table" } ]} />
Creates a new instance of DiscordVoiceChannel.
