src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordApplication.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordApplication
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordApplication.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

The `DiscordApplication` class provides methods to interact with Discord application commands such as creating, deleting, editing, fetching, and setting global application commands.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

### id

 ```lua
 DiscordApplication.id :: string The unique identifier of the Discord application.
```

### flags

 ```lua
 DiscordApplication.flags :: number The flags associated with the Discord application.
```


[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### createSlashCommandAsync

> DiscordApplication:createSlashCommandAsync( `command` CommandBuilder.CommandBuilder The command to create. ) ->  Future<CommandResponse> 

Creates a new slash command for the Discord application.
### deleteSlashCommandAsync

> DiscordApplication:deleteSlashCommandAsync( `commandId` string The ID of the command to delete. ) ->  Future<CommandResponse> 

Deletes an existing slash command from the Discord application.
### editSlashCommandAsync

> DiscordApplication:editSlashCommandAsync( `commandId` string The ID of the command to edit., `command` CommandBuilder.CommandBuilder The updated command data. ) ->  Future<CommandResponse> 

Edits an existing slash command for the Discord application.
### fetchSlashCommandsAsync

> DiscordApplication:fetchSlashCommandsAsync() ->  Future<\{ApplicationCommand}> 

Fetches all existing slash commands for the Discord application.
### setSlashCommandsAsync

> DiscordApplication:setSlashCommandsAsync( `commands` \{CommandBuilder.CommandBuilder} The list of commands to set. ) ->  Future<nil> 

Sets the slash commands for the Discord application, updating existing ones and creating or deleting as necessary.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordApplication.new( `discordClient` any The Discord client instance., `applicationData` \{id: string, flags: number} The application data. ) ->  DiscordApplication 

Creates a new instance of the DiscordApplication.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordApplication.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordApplication
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordApplication.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

The `DiscordApplication` class provides methods to interact with Discord application commands such as creating, deleting, editing, fetching, and setting global application commands.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

### id

 ```lua
 DiscordApplication.id :: string The unique identifier of the Discord application.
```

### flags

 ```lua
 DiscordApplication.flags :: number The flags associated with the Discord application.
```


[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### createSlashCommandAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="createSlashCommandAsync" className="DiscordApplication" args={[ { name: "command", type: "CommandBuilder.CommandBuilder The command to create." } ]} returnType="Future<CommandResponse>" isMethod />
Creates a new slash command for the Discord application.
### deleteSlashCommandAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="deleteSlashCommandAsync" className="DiscordApplication" args={[ { name: "commandId", type: "string The ID of the command to delete." } ]} returnType="Future<CommandResponse>" isMethod />
Deletes an existing slash command from the Discord application.
### editSlashCommandAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="editSlashCommandAsync" className="DiscordApplication" args={[ { name: "commandId", type: "string The ID of the command to edit." }, { name: "command", type: "CommandBuilder.CommandBuilder The updated command data." } ]} returnType="Future<CommandResponse>" isMethod />
Edits an existing slash command for the Discord application.
### fetchSlashCommandsAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="fetchSlashCommandsAsync" className="DiscordApplication" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<{ApplicationCommand}>" isMethod />
Fetches all existing slash commands for the Discord application.
### setSlashCommandsAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="setSlashCommandsAsync" className="DiscordApplication" args={[ { name: "commands", type: "{CommandBuilder.CommandBuilder} The list of commands to set." } ]} returnType="Future<nil>" isMethod />
Sets the slash commands for the Discord application, updating existing ones and creating or deleting as necessary.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordApplication" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any The Discord client instance." }, { name: "applicationData", type: "{id: string, flags: number} The application data." } ]} />
Creates a new instance of the DiscordApplication.
