src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordThreadChannel.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordThreadChannel
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordThreadChannel.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

DiscordThreadChannel represents a thread channel in a Discord server, providing methods to modify the channel and interact with pinned messages.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordThreadChannel instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### joinThreadAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:joinThreadAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Joins the current discord bot into the thread
### addMemberToThreadAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:addMemberToThreadAsync( `userId` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Adds the passed member to the thread channel
### leaveThreadAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:leaveThreadAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Leaves the thread channel if the discord bot is in the channel.
### removeMemberFromThreadAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:removeMemberFromThreadAsync( `userId` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Removes the passed user id from the current thread channel
### removeMemberFromThreadAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:removeMemberFromThreadAsync( `userId` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<\{ DiscordGuildMember }> 

Returns a list of members that are active in the current thread channel
### modifyAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:modifyAsync( `channelSchema` DiscordTextChannelSchema ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Modifies the thread channel settings asynchronously.
### getPinnedMessagesAsync

> DiscordThreadChannel:getPinnedMessagesAsync() ->  Future<\{[number]: DiscordMessage}> 

Retrieves the pinned messages in the thread channel asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordThreadChannel.new( `discordClient` any, `channelData` [table](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html) ) ->  DiscordThreadChannel 

Creates a new instance of DiscordThreadChannel.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordThreadChannel.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordThreadChannel
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordThreadChannel.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

DiscordThreadChannel represents a thread channel in a Discord server, providing methods to modify the channel and interact with pinned messages.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordThreadChannel instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### joinThreadAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="joinThreadAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Joins the current discord bot into the thread
### addMemberToThreadAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="addMemberToThreadAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[ { name: "userId", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Adds the passed member to the thread channel
### leaveThreadAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="leaveThreadAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Leaves the thread channel if the discord bot is in the channel.
### removeMemberFromThreadAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="removeMemberFromThreadAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[ { name: "userId", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Removes the passed user id from the current thread channel
### removeMemberFromThreadAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="removeMemberFromThreadAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[ { name: "userId", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<{ DiscordGuildMember }>" isMethod />
Returns a list of members that are active in the current thread channel
### modifyAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="modifyAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[ { name: "channelSchema", type: "DiscordTextChannelSchema" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Modifies the thread channel settings asynchronously.
### getPinnedMessagesAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="getPinnedMessagesAsync" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<{[number]: DiscordMessage}>" isMethod />
Retrieves the pinned messages in the thread channel asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordThreadChannel" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any" }, { name: "channelData", type: "table" } ]} />
Creates a new instance of DiscordThreadChannel.
