src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordInvite.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordInvite
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordInvite.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

DiscordInvite represents an invite link to a Discord server, providing methods to delete the invite.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordInvite instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### deleteAsync

> DiscordInvite:deleteAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Deletes the invite asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordInvite.new( `discordClient` any, `inviteData` [table](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html) ) ->  DiscordInvite 

Creates a new instance of DiscordInvite.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordInvite.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordInvite
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordInvite.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

DiscordInvite represents an invite link to a Discord server, providing methods to delete the invite.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordInvite instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### deleteAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="deleteAsync" className="DiscordInvite" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Deletes the invite asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordInvite" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any" }, { name: "inviteData", type: "table" } ]} />
Creates a new instance of DiscordInvite.
