src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordTextChannel.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordTextChannel
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordTextChannel.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

DiscordTextChannel represents a text channel in a Discord server, providing methods to modify the channel and interact with pinned messages.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordTextChannel instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### modifyAsync

> DiscordTextChannel:modifyAsync( `channelSchema` DiscordTextChannelSchema ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Modifies the text channel settings asynchronously.
### getPinnedMessagesAsync

> DiscordTextChannel:getPinnedMessagesAsync() ->  Future<\{[number]: DiscordMessage}> 

Retrieves the pinned messages in the text channel asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordTextChannel.new( `discordClient` any, `channelData` [table](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html) ) ->  DiscordTextChannel 

Creates a new instance of DiscordTextChannel.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordTextChannel.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordTextChannel
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordTextChannel.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

DiscordTextChannel represents a text channel in a Discord server, providing methods to modify the channel and interact with pinned messages.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordTextChannel instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### modifyAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="modifyAsync" className="DiscordTextChannel" args={[ { name: "channelSchema", type: "DiscordTextChannelSchema" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Modifies the text channel settings asynchronously.
### getPinnedMessagesAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="getPinnedMessagesAsync" className="DiscordTextChannel" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<{[number]: DiscordMessage}>" isMethod />
Retrieves the pinned messages in the text channel asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordTextChannel" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any" }, { name: "channelData", type: "table" } ]} />
Creates a new instance of DiscordTextChannel.
