src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordMessage.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordMessage
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordMessage.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

DiscordMessage represents a message in a Discord channel, providing methods to reply, delete, pin, unpin, edit, and manage reactions.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordMessage instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### replyAsync

> DiscordMessage:replyAsync( `messageBuilder` MessageBuilder ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Replies to the message asynchronously.
### deleteAsync

> DiscordMessage:deleteAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Deletes the message asynchronously.
### pinAsync

> DiscordMessage:pinAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Pins the message asynchronously.
### unpinAsync

> DiscordMessage:unpinAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Unpins the message asynchronously.
### editAsync

> DiscordMessage:editAsync( `messageBuilder` MessageBuilder ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Edits the message asynchronously.
### addReactionAsync

> DiscordMessage:addReactionAsync( `reaction` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Adds a reaction to the message asynchronously.
### removeReactionAsync

> DiscordMessage:removeReactionAsync( `reaction` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Removes a reaction from the message asynchronously.
### removeUserReactionAsync

> DiscordMessage:removeUserReactionAsync( `userId` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html), `reaction` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Removes a reaction from a specific user on the message asynchronously.
### getReactionsAsync

> DiscordMessage:getReactionsAsync( `reaction` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Gets the reactions on the message asynchronously.
### removeAllReactionsAsync

> DiscordMessage:removeAllReactionsAsync() ->  Future<unknown> 

Removes all reactions from the message asynchronously.
### removeAllReactionsForEmojiAsync

> DiscordMessage:removeAllReactionsForEmojiAsync( `reaction` [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html) ) ->  Future<unknown> 

Removes all reactions for a specific emoji from the message asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordMessage.new( `discordClient` any, `messageData` [table](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html) ) ->  DiscordMessage 

Creates a new instance of DiscordMessage.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordMessage.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordMessage
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordMessage.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

DiscordMessage represents a message in a Discord channel, providing methods to reply, delete, pin, unpin, edit, and manage reactions.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

The DiscordMessage instance has no set properties!

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### replyAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="replyAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "messageBuilder", type: "MessageBuilder" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Replies to the message asynchronously.
### deleteAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="deleteAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Deletes the message asynchronously.
### pinAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="pinAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Pins the message asynchronously.
### unpinAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="unpinAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Unpins the message asynchronously.
### editAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="editAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "messageBuilder", type: "MessageBuilder" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Edits the message asynchronously.
### addReactionAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="addReactionAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "reaction", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Adds a reaction to the message asynchronously.
### removeReactionAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="removeReactionAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "reaction", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Removes a reaction from the message asynchronously.
### removeUserReactionAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="removeUserReactionAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "userId", type: "string" }, { name: "reaction", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Removes a reaction from a specific user on the message asynchronously.
### getReactionsAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="getReactionsAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "reaction", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Gets the reactions on the message asynchronously.
### removeAllReactionsAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="removeAllReactionsAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Removes all reactions from the message asynchronously.
### removeAllReactionsForEmojiAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="removeAllReactionsForEmojiAsync" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "reaction", type: "string" } ]} returnType="Future<unknown>" isMethod />
Removes all reactions for a specific emoji from the message asynchronously.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordMessage" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any" }, { name: "messageData", type: "table" } ]} />
Creates a new instance of DiscordMessage.
