src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordAutomoderationRule.mdx, before:

---
title: DiscordAutomoderationRule
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordAutomoderationRule.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

The `DiscordAutomoderationRule` class provides methods to interact with Discord auto-moderation rules, including modifying and deleting rules.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

### id

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.id :: [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### guildId

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.guildId :: sring
```

### name

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.name :: [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### eventType

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.eventType :: [number](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.3.html)
```

### triggerType

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.triggerType :: [number](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.3.html)
```

### enabled

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.enabled :: [boolean](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.2.html)
```

### exemptRoles

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.exemptRoles :: [{ string }](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### exemptChannels

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.exemptChannels :: [{ string }](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### triggerMetadata

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.triggerMetadata :: TriggerMetadata
```

### actions

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.actions :: Actions
```


[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### modifyAsync

> DiscordAutomoderationRule:modifyAsync( `moderationRoleBuilder` DiscordAutomoderationRule.DiscordAutomoderationRule The builder for the modified rule. ) ->  Future<CommandResponse> 

Modifies an existing auto-moderation rule.
### deleteAsync

> DiscordAutomoderationRule:deleteAsync() ->  Future<CommandResponse> 

Deletes an existing auto-moderation rule.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> DiscordAutomoderationRule.new( `discordClient` any The Discord client instance., `automoderationData` table The data for the auto-moderation rule. ) ->  DiscordAutomoderationRule 

Creates a new instance of the DiscordAutomoderationRule.

Commit message:

feat(components): finalize LuaDeclaration with return types and links

src/content/docs/classes/Objects/DiscordAutomoderationRule.mdx, after:

---
title: DiscordAutomoderationRule
description: DiscordLuau docs for DiscordAutomoderationRule.
---
[//]: # (This file was automatically compiled through the Generator luau code under this repository)
[//]: # (if you want to edit the documentation of discord-luau, please write changes)
[//]: # (to the discord-luau repository itself, we extract the comments from discord-luau and translate)
[//]: # (them into markdown files that Nextra can interpret!)

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT IMPORTS ----- )

import LuaDeclaration from '$/components/LuaDeclaration.astro';

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION ----- )

The `DiscordAutomoderationRule` class provides methods to interact with Discord auto-moderation rules, including modifying and deleting rules.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT PROPERTIES ----- )

## Properties

### id

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.id :: [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### guildId

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.guildId :: sring
```

### name

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.name :: [string](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### eventType

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.eventType :: [number](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.3.html)
```

### triggerType

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.triggerType :: [number](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.3.html)
```

### enabled

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.enabled :: [boolean](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.2.html)
```

### exemptRoles

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.exemptRoles :: [{ string }](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### exemptChannels

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.exemptChannels :: [{ string }](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.4.html)
```

### triggerMetadata

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.triggerMetadata :: TriggerMetadata
```

### actions

 ```lua
 DiscordAutomoderationRule.actions :: Actions
```


[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT METHODS ----- )

## Methods

### modifyAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="modifyAsync" className="DiscordAutomoderationRule" args={[ { name: "moderationRoleBuilder", type: "DiscordAutomoderationRule.DiscordAutomoderationRule The builder for the modified rule." } ]} returnType="Future<CommandResponse>" isMethod />
Modifies an existing auto-moderation rule.
### deleteAsync

> <LuaDeclaration name="deleteAsync" className="DiscordAutomoderationRule" args={[  ]} returnType="Future<CommandResponse>" isMethod />
Deletes an existing auto-moderation rule.

[//]: # (----- DOCUMENT FUNCTIONS ----- )

## Functions

### new

> <LuaDeclaration name="new" className="DiscordAutomoderationRule" args={[ { name: "discordClient", type: "any The Discord client instance." }, { name: "automoderationData", type: "table The data for the auto-moderation rule." } ]} />
Creates a new instance of the DiscordAutomoderationRule.
